agh/ics/oop/gui/OptionsGridPane.java
 agh.ics.oop.gui.OptionsGridPane
agh/ics/oop/statistics/Statistician.java
 agh.ics.oop.statistics.Statistician
agh/ics/oop/gui/ChartsHolder.java
 agh.ics.oop.gui.ChartsHolder
agh/ics/oop/statistics/Statistics.java
 agh.ics.oop.statistics.Statistics
agh/ics/oop/statistics/Snapshot.java
 agh.ics.oop.statistics.Snapshot
agh/ics/oop/conditions/SimulationConditions.java
 agh.ics.oop.conditions.SimulationConditions
agh/ics/oop/IPositionChangeObserver.java
 agh.ics.oop.IPositionChangeObserver
agh/ics/oop/Animal.java
 agh.ics.oop.Animal
 agh.ics.oop.Animal$1
agh/ics/oop/MyThread.java
 agh.ics.oop.MyThread
agh/ics/oop/IMapElement.java
 agh.ics.oop.IMapElement
agh/ics/oop/AbstractWorldMap.java
 agh.ics.oop.AbstractWorldMap
agh/ics/oop/IWorldMap.java
 agh.ics.oop.IWorldMap
agh/ics/oop/gui/DoubleStatsChart.java
 agh.ics.oop.gui.DoubleStatsChart
agh/ics/oop/GrassField.java
 agh.ics.oop.GrassField
agh/ics/oop/IEngine.java
 agh.ics.oop.IEngine
agh/ics/oop/MapVisualizer.java
 agh.ics.oop.MapVisualizer
agh/ics/oop/Genotype.java
 agh.ics.oop.Genotype
agh/ics/oop/TorusGrassField.java
 agh.ics.oop.TorusGrassField
agh/ics/oop/gui/ImageViewSelector.java
 agh.ics.oop.gui.ImageViewSelector
agh/ics/oop/Vector2d.java
 agh.ics.oop.Vector2d
agh/ics/oop/gui/OptionsElementVBox.java
 agh.ics.oop.gui.OptionsElementVBox
agh/ics/oop/MapDirection.java
 agh.ics.oop.MapDirection
 agh.ics.oop.MapDirection$1
agh/ics/oop/conditions/MapConditions.java
 agh.ics.oop.conditions.MapConditions
agh/ics/oop/Grass.java
 agh.ics.oop.Grass
agh/ics/oop/gui/App.java
 agh.ics.oop.gui.App
 agh.ics.oop.gui.App$1
agh/ics/oop/gui/StatsChart.java
 agh.ics.oop.gui.StatsChart
agh/ics/oop/World.java
 agh.ics.oop.World
agh/ics/oop/SimulationEngine.java
 agh.ics.oop.SimulationEngine
agh/ics/oop/gui/MapHandlerGridPane.java
 agh.ics.oop.gui.MapHandlerGridPane
agh/ics/oop/gui/GuiElementBox.java
 agh.ics.oop.gui.GuiElementBox
agh/ics/oop/gui/MapVisualizer.java
 agh.ics.oop.gui.MapVisualizer
